### Abstract

A parser is a component in compilers and interpreters that takes tokens generated by a lexer and constructs an Abstract Syntax Tree (AST) from them. The parser analyzes the token sequence according to the rules of the language's grammar, building a tree structure that represents the hierarchical syntactic structure of the input code.

### Public API

```rust
pub struct Parser<'a> {
    input: &'a Vec<Token>,
    current: usize,
}

pub fn parse(input: Vec<Token>) -> Result<AST, Vec<ErrorType>>

// to import into a file
use crate::frontend::syntax::parser::Parser;
```

### Pseudocode

1. **Initialization**: `Parser::new` initializes the `Parser` with a reference to a vector of tokens. The `current` index is set to 0 to start parsing from the beginning of the token list.

2. **Parsing Process**: `Parser::parse` is the public method that drives the parsing process. It creates a `Parser` instance and iterates through the tokens, analyzing each one and constructing the AST.

3. **Top-Level Parsing**: The `parse_top_level` method is used for parsing top-level constructs, such as function declarations, structs, enums, imports, etc. It checks the current token and decides how to parse it (e.g., as a function if the token is `Token::FUNCTION`).

4. **Error Handling**: Errors are captured during the parsing process. If an unexpected token is encountered or a syntactic structure is incorrect, an `ErrorType` is generated and added to a vector of errors. 

5. **AST Construction**: As the parser recognizes different constructs, it creates corresponding AST nodes, which are then added to the root ASTNode in a bottom up fashion.

### Reading